
python3 /Users/ncm/Pictures/Mohangraphy/Scripts/Claude_deploy.py

 "intro": "All prints are produced on <strong>archival fine-art paper</strong> using pigment-based inks, guaranteeing colour accuracy and longevity of over 100 years under normal display conditions.",

Improvements needed on the following:
All the changes made in content.json file are not getting updated. IT is inconsistent.Check this first.
Sometimes, the index file is not getting updated. Check that also.

The icon next to HOME at the footer is not aligned properly when viewed on mobile phone. It is moving to next line. Remove the icon so that there is no problem on any gadget. 
Remove the menu "Workshop & Tours" on the left side. Where is it hard coded. There must be an easy way to remove this. 
All the texts underneath the main menu and the submenu are very light and not easily readable. Same way, footer text and copy right messages; "coming soon" text is also very light. Make them brighter.
What is the difference between Place and the tag "Places/International" and "Places/National"? I see that when a photo is tagged it is asking me to select "Places/International" or "Places/National" so that the name of the place is included in International or National. In addition to that it is showing a field Place!
I suppose when I edit a tab, it removes all the previously stored information and I get to choose tags once again. 
add a field "Remarks" to the tags where I can add a remark about the photo (for example bird name, mountain name, temple name, etc.)
I want to update the tags in a easy way because when I choose to edit, I have to go photo by photo individually and with the site growth over time, it will be impossible to skip one at a time. Can I click on the photo and update the tags? Find the easiest way.
Also, in the preview of photos, show "Remarks and Place" on the top each photo in a subtle way (white on grey), but it should not be printed on downloads. That way, one can easily read the tags. For example the woodpecker would show : Woodpecker-Munnar; the mountain photos would say "Munnar", because the Remarks tag will be empty for mountains, unless I want to show a mountain as "Himalayas" in the Remarks in which case it will appear "Himalayas-Place". Also include the dimensions of the photo along with the remarks. 
Some text like "? A9NCM" is showing on each photo. What is it? Remove this !
